### Notes
npm add is an alias for npm install

### Useful commands


```graphcool init --schema https://graphqlbin.com/hn-starter.graphql --name Hackernews```
```graphcool playground```  

```npm install -g create-react-app```

### Making Queries
sample query to send to the api: 
```
query AllLinks {
  allLinks {
    id
    createdAt
    description
    url
  }
}
```

How to query data in your actual javascript:
1. Use the query method on the apollo client directly:
- a more imparitive way and allows to process the responses as a promise
- ex:
``` client.query({
  query: gql`
    query AllLinks {
      allLinks {
        id
      }
    }
    `
```
}).then(response => console.log(response.data.allLinks));

2. A more idomatic way is to use Apollo's higher level component, GraphQL, to wrap your component with a query.
-write the graphql query and GraphQL will fetch the data under the hood and make the data available to your component as props.
The Steps:
1. write the query as a JS constant using the GQL parser function.  GQL comes from a node_module called gql-tag.  gql-tag takes a string literal and turns it into a graphql AST
2. use the graphql container component to wrap your component with a query.
3. lastly access the query through the props of the component. 


```
const ALL_LINKS_QUERY = gql`
  query AllLinksQuery { //Operation name
    allLinks {
      id
      createdAt
      url
      description
    }
  }
`;
```

GraphQL container, option is passed to function call will dictate the name of prop to be injected into the component.
```
export default graphql(ALL_LINKS_QUERY, { name: 'allLinksQuery' })(LinkList)
```

Required imports:
```
import { graphql, gql } from 'react-apollo';
```

In general, the process for you to add some data fetching logic will be very similar every time:
1. write the query as a JS constant using the gql parser function
2. use the graphql container to wrap your component with the query
3. access the query results in the component’s props

### Mutations
write the mutation as a JS constant using the gql parser function

const EXAMPLE_MUTATION = gql`
  mutation example {
    exampleMutation
  }
`

function ExampleComonent() {
  return <h1>I'm an example!</h1>
}

use the graphql container to wrap your component with the mutation

graphql(EXAMPLE_MUTATION)(ExampleComponent);


// use the mutation function that gets injected into the component's props

function ExampleComponent({ mutate }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>I'm an example!</h1>
      <button onClick={function () { mutate().then(() => { console.log('HELLO')})}}>Click Me</button>
    </div>
  )
}

### Questions
What is graphcoolbin doing and why does it need authentication?
a: provides starter schema downloaded from online

Is there vscode plugins for graphql?

What does create-react-app do?

"Note: The project that was generated by create-react-app uses semicolons and double quotes for strings. All the code that you’re going to add will use no semicolons and single quotes."  -why???

What does registerServiceWorker do?

### Bugs
  {master} graphql_workspace$ open project.graphcool 
  No application knows how to open /Users/johnschoeman/workspace/graphql_workspace/project.graphcool.

  Cannot have queries and mutations in the same playground query.

  ```npm install -g create-react-app```
  Do not forget the -g