### Questions
What is graphcoolbin doing and why does it need authentication?
a: provides starter schema downloaded from online

Is there vscode plugins or linters for graphql?

What does create-react-app actually do i.e. the details?

"Note: The project that was generated by create-react-app uses semicolons and double quotes for strings. All the code that you’re going to add will use no semicolons and single quotes."  -why???

What does registerServiceWorker do?

How does apollo client work with redux?
a: apollo client maintains it's own redux store.  It can be used with or without your own redux store.

What is the life cycle flow of components wrapped with queries?
When do the queries get invoked?
How do you dicate when and which queries get invoked?

Learn intimately what javascript async and await do.

Does gql come from react-apollo or graphql-tag?

What is enzyme?

what does 'requires a peer of' mean in warning while installing dependencies.
```
enzyme-adapter-react-16@1.0.1 requires a peer of enzyme@^3.0.0 but none was installed.
```
and what does it mean here?
```
UNMET PEER DEPENDENCY react@^16.0.0-0
```

what does 
```npm run start -- --reset-cache```
do?

### Bugs
  {master} graphql_workspace$ open project.graphcool 
  No application knows how to open /Users/johnschoeman/workspace/graphql_workspace/project.graphcool.

  You cannot have queries and mutations in the same playground query.

-----

  ```npm install -g create-react-app```
  Do not forget the -g

-----

  network errors are beasts

-----

  using create-react-native-app with expo: the uri for the expo app on your phone is not always the same as the uri for the chrome debugger.

-----
#### Event Pooling

  The Bug:
  11:31:21 AM: Warning: This synthetic event is reused for performance reasons. If you're seeing this, you're accessing the property `target` on a released/nullified synthetic event. This is set to null. If you must keep the original synthetic event around, use event.persist(). See https://fb.me/react-event-pooling for more information.

  The not actually a solution solution:
  use event.persist()
  ```javascript
    handleChange(key) {
    return (e) => {
      e.persist();
      this.setState({ [key]: e.target.value });
    }
  }
  ```
The actual solution
in TextInput use onChangeText not onChange

-----
  11:31:23 AM: Possible Unhandled Promise Rejection (id: 0):
GraphQL error: Variable '$title' expected value of type 'String!' but got: {"_targetInst":null,"isTrusted":null,"isPropagationStopped":null,"isDefaultPrevented":null,"_dispatchInstances":null,"_dispatchListeners":null,"defaultPrevented":null,"dispatchConfig":null,"eventPhase":null,"bubbles":null,"target":null,"type":null,"nativeEvent":null,"cancelable":null}. Reason: String value expected (line 1, column 29):
mutation CreatePostMutation($title: String!, $body: String) {

 Cause: calling a mutation with required inputs as null.
   e.target.value and e.currentTarget.value are null

Solution: Verify onChangeText callback is updating the component state proply

-----
In graphiql.app 
```
{
  "errors": [
    {
      "message": "Syntax Error GraphQL request (6:1) Expected Name, found <EOF>\n\n5: \n6: \n   ^\n",
      "locations": [
        {
          "line": 6,
          "column": 1
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
with
```
mutation {
  signup(email: "john@john.john", fullName: "John Schoeman", username: "john_schoeman", password: "password") {
    token
  }
```
the problem: forgot a '{' in your mutation

-----
[exp] Error running `xcrun simctl openurl booted exp://localhost:19000`: An error was encountered processing the command (domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain, code=60):
The operation couldn’t be completed. Operation timed out
Operation timed out

related: 
```
exp start -i
```

when ios simulator opens, it rebundles over and over.

solution: verifiy watchman is installed with watchman -v
if not:
```bash
brew update
brew install watchman
```

also related is a mac process called bird, the backend of icloud drive.
- check your activity montior and verify that bird isn't going crazy.
- posible solution is to remove your local repo from your icloud drive sync'd folders.
-----

in react native with apollo client rendering {data} caused the component to not rerender even when the props changed.
```javascript
          <View>
            <Text>GetSpot</Text>
            <Text>{data}</Text>
          </View>
```
____
### Notes
npm add is an alias for npm install

use wifi-hotspot with expo if not on a friendly network.

[expo-guides](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/guides/)